Okay,
we should be live.
I am on a slightly scuffed setup today.
So, I'm in Florida. I'm going to be here
for a little bit. Uh, I have camera,
mic, no desktop. I forgot that I took my
desktop with me.
So, we're going to try to make this work
off of laptop for the next few days. And
uh, I will have to get one or more
additional desktops.
You all can let me know if the settings
are messed up,
but we're going to try to get a little
bit of work done today.
Let me uh actually let me go send one
quick message and I think we're going to
work on drones today.
So, there are a few people who will be
interested in that.
Okay. So, I've put that in the Discord.
Uh, and let me take let me say a little
bit about what we're going to do with
the the drone stuff today. First of all,
uh, we are almost at
we're almost to 10K.
25 pages of reinforcement learning
material will go live for free when we
hit 10K. I do have to still figure out
what I'm going to make images for them.
It's probably just going to be some AI
gen stuff, but whatever. Uh, but that's
not what we're doing today. So,
what we are going to do here,
see puffer
puffer drone.
Okay, so this is random policy on drone
sim.
Then we also have
We're going to work on some cool tech.
It's going to be domain randomization
for uh drones today.
We have two different sims.
I'm going to see if we can get like a
standalone drone package. I think that
we can kind of just use wherever.
I'm going to try as much as possible to
not be training a ton of things locally
here because obviously I'm just on my
laptop.
It will work. I just don't want to screw
up the stream.
I'm trying to think where I want to
start with this because there are two
sort of components to this.
It makes sense to have like a domain
randomized drone.
All right, let's try that. So, basically
what I'm trying to think here is if I
can just make like a drone.h that'll
work for both of these
and that I can make it really easy for
people to just work with.
I think we will do that. We'll start
with
Well, we'll have to look at both of them
to do this.
Oops.
My editor
right. So, that's set up. Let's see how
we got this. So, there's like we've got
all these coefficients, right?
We got all this math.
It should be not that hard, right? To
like
to move all these.
I think we're actually going to do this
based on my implementation because I
kind of factored out a couple things
that will be useful already.
You should stream under software and
gamedev.
Yo chat, what's Joseph coding? Uh, I
will show you real quick. What do I have
it under right now, Tundo?
So, it's supposed to default to that
cat.
Let me see if I fix that real quick. So,
to give you a quick idea here,
I mean, this is not going to look cool
because this is not a trained model, but
we've got drone swarms.
Actually, I can show you the demo
because it's on I did do this on X
before.
Uh why does L tab not work?
Because I have that button picked. Fine.
So, this is the uh the drone form from
before.
Where'd it go? Here.
We made this demo.
And if you check on the website,
we also have this demo over here,
which is flying through rings.
So today we're going to do we're
basically going to do some core tech on
this drone stuff. So it's way easier to
put this into a ton of different
settings. And then there's actually
going to be some cool reinforcement
learning today on like how do we make
this stuff work way more robustly for
different types of drones? Uh how do we
make this work in a way that's actually
going to be easy to throw on a real
drone, etc., etc.
You in a hotel or something for RLC?
No, Sam. I'm in I'm at Florida for a
bit. RLC is in a few weeks. I'm here and
then I'm in California for a bit and
then I'm at RLC. Is it RL or
Pathfinding? This is pure reinforcement
learning. E10.
If anybody knows how to set like the
default category for Twitch, that would
be awesome. Do I even have the uh
I don't even have like the profile
for the Twitch account, do I? Let me go
find it.
It's under It says is this not the
directory here? It's under programming
and artificial intelligence.
Is this different from the category? Is
this just like a tag?
Cuz that would be nice. I didn't realize
I didn't have that.
Do it off screen. I don't think there's
even anything secret on there, but sure.
Not calling join your own stream, yada
yada. Settings,
chat settings.
Oh, edit
category. Yeah, you're right. So,
We'll just do that.
I don't think if anybody knows if
there's a way to default to that, please
let me know. But we have it set up for
now. Let's actually do some uh some
coding here, though.
So, I'm going to make this a lot easier
for you today, Sam. I'm going to make
this like this is what we're going to do
to actually make it work on the real
drone. And also, it's going to just make
everything a heck of a lot easier.
Should stay like this. Perfect. If it
stays across streams, then great. The
thing is I don't launch like I don't
launch directly to Twitch, right? I
launch through Reream and then sometimes
some stuff in the middle breaks because
of that cuz it's on X, Twitch, and
YouTube.
But anyways,
what I'm thinking we're going to do here
is we're going to just take all this
stuff like all the basic math and like
the drone strct and we're going to stick
all of this into its own
like drone.h file.
We're going to get this to work with
both environments
and then we're going to start adding
randomization.
Should add a reaction time delay in the
sim. That's coming. Yeah, that type of
stuff is coming.
That's part of what we're going to have
to do for this to make it work.
There are other randomizations I think
that are going to be more important.
First, though,
Finn's coming back to campus this
weekend for IRL drone. Cool.
Yeah, if I were you, I would at least
like get the drone flying around a
little bit to make sure that you're
going to be able to use it because if I
need to order you other stuff, I'd
rather know sooner, right?
Okay. So, we're just going to yank all
this.
If that happens again, I'll switch
servers.
It's really annoying when it does that
though cuz it cuts the VODs
and my internet did not go down. So,
it's like it's reream being weird.
We'll get rid of everything that depends
on the end
from here.
So we'll just keep basically this 180
lines
which is mostly just the map and stuff.
Which directory is it going to live in?
I don't know, Sam. For now, we'll just
like probably copy it to both places.
And we'll figure that out later if we
want to like put it somewhere else.
For now, I just kind of want to get the
math to be reusable because like you're
going to see what I have to do is I'm
going to have to add randomizations into
a lot of the math and uh I don't want to
have to do that multiple times.
Are we back?
I switched it to US East.
So, we're going to see if it works on US
East. And if not, I'm going to just try
to do it via I'm going to just try Wi-Fi
on my laptop because I think the
Ethernet here is a little janky.
It's really That's really obnoxious,
though.
Why does it still shows offline?
Okay, now it is back. Dang it. It
doesn't do an X though.
What the heck, man?
I don't even know if this is live at the
moment.
It's like showing as live locally and
then it's showing as off in reream.
Are we good?
Hang on. I'm going to actually kill it
in a